c:\users\papabear\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\bin\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.exe.config
c:\users\papabear\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\bin\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.exe
c:\users\papabear\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\bin\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.pdb
c:\users\papabear\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\obj\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\papabear\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\obj\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\papabear\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\obj\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\papabear\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\obj\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.exe
c:\users\papabear\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\obj\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.pdb
c:\users\papabear\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\obj\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.frmMain.resources
C:\Users\NKMC\Documents\GitHub\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\bin\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.exe.config
C:\Users\NKMC\Documents\GitHub\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\obj\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.exe
C:\Users\NKMC\Documents\GitHub\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\obj\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.pdb
C:\Users\papabear\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\obj\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.App.frmCategory.resources
C:\Users\papabear\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\obj\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.App.frmProduct.resources
C:\Users\papabear\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\obj\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.App.frmUnits.resources
C:\Users\papabear\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\obj\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.App.frmClient.resources
C:\Users\papabear\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\obj\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.App.frmSupplier.resources
C:\Users\papabear\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\obj\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.App.frmUsers.resources
C:\Users\papabear\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\obj\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.App.frmPOS.resources
C:\Users\papabear\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\papabear\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\obj\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.App.Dialogs.dlgCategory.resources
C:\Users\papabear\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\obj\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.App.frmInventoryMonitoring.resources
C:\Users\papabear\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\obj\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.App.Dialogs.dlgPasswordAuth.resources
C:\Users\NKMC\Documents\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\bin\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.exe.config
C:\Users\NKMC\Documents\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\obj\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.exe
C:\Users\NKMC\Documents\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\obj\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.pdb
C:\Users\NKMC\Documents\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\bin\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.exe
C:\Users\NKMC\Documents\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\bin\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.pdb
C:\Users\NKMC\Documents\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\NKMC\Documents\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\obj\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\NKMC\Documents\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\obj\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.App.Dialogs.dlgCategory.resources
C:\Users\NKMC\Documents\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\obj\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.App.Dialogs.dlgPasswordAuth.resources
C:\Users\NKMC\Documents\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\obj\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.App.frmCategory.resources
C:\Users\NKMC\Documents\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\obj\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.App.frmClient.resources
C:\Users\NKMC\Documents\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\obj\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.App.frmInventoryMonitoring.resources
C:\Users\NKMC\Documents\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\obj\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.App.frmPOS.resources
C:\Users\NKMC\Documents\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\obj\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.App.frmProduct.resources
C:\Users\NKMC\Documents\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\obj\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.App.frmSupplier.resources
C:\Users\NKMC\Documents\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\obj\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.App.frmUnits.resources
C:\Users\NKMC\Documents\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\obj\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.App.frmUsers.resources
C:\Users\NKMC\Documents\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\obj\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.frmMain.resources
C:\Users\NKMC\Documents\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\obj\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\NKMC\Documents\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\obj\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\NKMC\Documents\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\obj\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.App.Dialogs.dlgClient.resources
C:\Users\NKMC\Documents\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\obj\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.App.Dialogs.dlgProducts.resources
C:\Users\NKMC\Documents\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\obj\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.App.Dialogs.dlgSupplier.resources
C:\Users\NKMC\Documents\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.Entity.EF5.dll
C:\Users\NKMC\Documents\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.Entity.EF6.dll
C:\Users\NKMC\Documents\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\obj\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.App.Dialogs.dlgUnits.resources
C:\Users\NKMC\Documents\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\obj\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.App.Dialogs.dlgUsers.resources
<<<<<<< HEAD
C:\Users\NKMC\Documents\GitHub\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\bin\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.exe
C:\Users\NKMC\Documents\GitHub\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\bin\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.pdb
C:\Users\NKMC\Documents\GitHub\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\NKMC\Documents\GitHub\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.Entity.EF5.dll
C:\Users\NKMC\Documents\GitHub\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.Entity.EF6.dll
C:\Users\NKMC\Documents\GitHub\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\obj\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\NKMC\Documents\GitHub\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\obj\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.App.Dialogs.dlgCategory.resources
C:\Users\NKMC\Documents\GitHub\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\obj\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.App.Dialogs.dlgClient.resources
C:\Users\NKMC\Documents\GitHub\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\obj\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.App.Dialogs.dlgPasswordAuth.resources
C:\Users\NKMC\Documents\GitHub\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\obj\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.App.Dialogs.dlgProducts.resources
C:\Users\NKMC\Documents\GitHub\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\obj\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.App.Dialogs.dlgSupplier.resources
C:\Users\NKMC\Documents\GitHub\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\obj\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.App.Dialogs.dlgUnits.resources
C:\Users\NKMC\Documents\GitHub\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\obj\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.App.Dialogs.dlgUsers.resources
C:\Users\NKMC\Documents\GitHub\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\obj\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.App.frmCategory.resources
C:\Users\NKMC\Documents\GitHub\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\obj\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.App.frmClient.resources
C:\Users\NKMC\Documents\GitHub\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\obj\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.App.frmInventoryMonitoring.resources
C:\Users\NKMC\Documents\GitHub\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\obj\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.App.frmPOS.resources
C:\Users\NKMC\Documents\GitHub\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\obj\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.App.frmProduct.resources
C:\Users\NKMC\Documents\GitHub\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\obj\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.App.frmSupplier.resources
C:\Users\NKMC\Documents\GitHub\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\obj\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.App.frmUnits.resources
C:\Users\NKMC\Documents\GitHub\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\obj\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.App.frmUsers.resources
C:\Users\NKMC\Documents\GitHub\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\obj\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.frmMain.resources
C:\Users\NKMC\Documents\GitHub\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\obj\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\NKMC\Documents\GitHub\ChiuMartSAIS2\ChiuMartSAIS2\obj\Debug\ChiuMartSAIS2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
=======
>>>>>>> 76a520ed7447420304bf0e9b39a1e6cf7eae651c
